# our first task
For our first task we had to read research papers on different quadrupeds. Our main focus was to understand the various parts of mechanical designing and study them properly. 
Based on our study wwe had to determine what types of motors are used on quadruped and what type of motor we will use as it is a very crucial part of understanding the design.
We read the research paper on MIT Cheetah, MIT mini cheetah and IISC stoch. From all these papers we got an idea of what types of mechanisms are used and what type of designs could be implemented.
We learnt about various aspects of the robot through these papers some of them being:

1. Degrees of Freedom - degrees of freedon of a bot is basically in which directins the bot movesand how it moves.In our bot we have specified 3 degrees of freedom which means that tha bot will move in 3 directions.

2. motors- motors help in movement of the bot as they convert the electrical signals into mechanical movements, we are using BLDC motor for our bot

3. actuators-a device that causes a machine or other device to operate.

4. link mechanisms- this uses a number o links to transmit motion. Instead of providig a different motors at each joint we can transmit the movement via usage of links.

5. gear reductions- this helps in increasing the amount of torque that is being output.

6. planetary gears- We are using planetary gears for the purppose of gear reductions. In this system there are 5 gears, 3 planet gears, 1 sun gear, and  one ring gear. 

7. dynamic factors- are related to forces, motion, and energy. It takes into account the physical interactions between the environment and the robot.

8. kinetic factors- Only based on robots geometry, position, velocity and acceleration
